# Prompts

- In this directory, create a monorepo project, with backend Java 21 and Spring Boot 3.* latest and frontend with node v24.12.0 and npm 11.6.2 (these are already installed). The project should build as a single application, so utilize maven for this and also make sure to setup lombok. The frontend application should have a landing page that will display a message that like "Hello %s" that will come as response from a backend endpoint call. Implement the backend endpoint on a new Controller and return a random name along with the current timestamp. Build the project to check it
- In the landpage of the frontend application, we should display cards of all the available pokemons. The available pokemons will be retrieved by a backend call. Implement the endpoint for retreiving pokemon information. Each pokemon should have at least: id, name, explanation of name (how it derives), strength, powers, picture and tips (for catching it). Create some dummy data for testing purposes and add them as json array in the code, in the Repo service that will return the pokemons. Don't setup security or anything more. In the frontend, each card should only display the picture of the pokemon, it's name, and get a color based on it's strength
- In the frontend application, when a user selects a card, there should be a display panel, where all the pokemon information would appear there in a nice way. Implement the related changes in the frontend but don't re-run the application
- Now the list of pokemons should also appear on a table, that supports, sorting, filtering, searching and columns width adjustment and columns re-ordering to maximize user experience. The user should be able to switch the landing page view from table to cards with a simple toggle. Again the available pokemons should be retrieved via the endpoint as before
- The list of the available pokemons, should come from an h2 database, therefore add configuration in the backend application to use an h2 database (the file based one) and add by default the current pokemons in it. Make sure the schema of the db is also defined along with necessary tables
- Now let's add functionality to create new Pokemons from user input. Add a new button in the landing page. when clicked, display a form in modal with all the input information we need for a pokemon. Name and Strength should me always mandatory. The other fields should be optional. On create, there should be a backend endpoint call, that will persist this pokemon in the list. Implement both the backend (endpoint) and the frontend for this feature. Do not rerun the app
- Also implement similar logic for updating the information of a pokemon. Also do the same for deleting a pokemon. we need both Frontend and Backend implementation for it. Build and rerun the app